Enable Kotlin assignment by default (#24694)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/api/kotlin_dsl.adoc

[[kotdsl:assignment]]
== Kotlin lazy property assignment

Gradle's Kotlin DSL supports lazy property assignment using the `=` operator as an incubating feature enabled by default. It can be disabled by adding `systemProp.org.gradle.unsafe.kotlin.assignment=false` to the `gradle.properties` file.
Lazy property assignment reduces the verbosity for Kotlin DSL when <<lazy_configuration#lazy_properties,lazy properties>> are used.
It works for properties that are publicly seen as `final` (without a setter) and have type `Property` or `ConfigurableFileCollection`.
Since properties have to be `final`, our general recommendation is not to implement custom setters for properties with lazy types and, if possible, implement such properties via an abstract getter.

> Once the feature is released out of incubating status, using the `=` operator will be the preferred way to calling `set()` in the Kotlin DSL.

Reviewer: :lipstick: 
```suggestion
Once the feature is promoted to stable, using the `=` operator will be the preferred way to call `set()` in the Kotlin DSL.
```
